# Bark-Catcher

Note: This code is (so far) entirely ChatGPT generated based on my inputs. I have some possible mods in mind but they're not included yet.
My first serious explorations with ChatGPT and Arduino outside the basic hand held tutorials for Arduino, and trying to confuse the AI with stupid questions.(it believes bigfoot is a myth, can you believe that?)
I used ChatGPT because of my need for a solution and my current lack of knowledge, but it has been a good learning experience. I'm also using it for a game I will eventually post.

This is to record instances of my neighbors annoying dogs barking so I have hard data to take them to court with aside from audio recordings. 
It records the time and date, as well as the decible level (at least it will once done and tested). 
Data will be stored on a micro SD card, then uploaded to my Notion account daily as a continuous log. (I hope)
I chose Notion over Google Sheets only because I just started a Notion account and am exploring what I can do with it.

Material list as generated by ChatGPT.  (will update once I have completed my project as I'm looking into prebuilt dataloggers.)


Here's the updated list of materials you'll need:
- Arduino Uno or similar microcontroller
- Microphone module
- Micro SD card module
- RTC module
- ESP8266 or similar WiFi module
- WiFi antenna
- Jumper wires
- Breadboard
- Micro SD card
- USB cable for power and programming

Note that the specific models and versions of these materials will depend on your project requirements and personal preferences. 

Also, to set up the Notion integration, you'll need to follow the steps mentioned earlier to obtain the Notion API key and database URL. You'll also need to add the correct values for `notionAPIKey`, `notionDatabaseURL`, and `notionContentType` in the code.


Directions for obtaining the Notion API.


